Add fields for Weheat compressor, energy output (#35525)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/weheat.markdown

- **Current room temperature**: Current room temperature in °C
- **Room temperature setpoint**: Setpoint for the room temperature in °C
- **Electricity used**: Total electricity used in kWh
- **Energy output**: Total output generated in kWh
- **State**: The current heat pump state
- **DHW top temperature**: The domestic hot water temperature in the top of the vessel in °C (optional)
- **DHW bottom temperature"**: The domestic hot water temperature in the bottom of the vessel in °C (optional)
- **Compressor RPM and percentage**: The rpm and percentage of the compressor fan. Can exceed 100% for some models.

Depending on the model/installation, states for the Inside Unit are available:

- **Inside unit water pump state**
- **Inside unit auxiliary water pump state**
- **Inside unit DHW valve or water pump state**

> - **Inside unit gas boiler heating allowed** - Note: Can also be True when no gas boiler is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inside unit gas boiler heating allowed** - Note: This may be True even when no gas boiler is installed or active at this time.
 
```

- **Current room temperature**: Current room temperature in °C
- **Room temperature setpoint**: Setpoint for the room temperature in °C
- **Electricity used**: Total electricity used in kWh
- **Energy output**: Total output generated in kWh
- **State**: The current heat pump state
- **DHW top temperature**: The domestic hot water temperature in the top of the vessel in °C (optional)
- **DHW bottom temperature"**: The domestic hot water temperature in the bottom of the vessel in °C (optional)
- **Compressor RPM and percentage**: The rpm and percentage of the compressor fan. Can exceed 100% for some models.

Depending on the model/installation, states for the Inside Unit are available:

> - **Inside unit water pump state**
> - **Inside unit auxiliary water pump state**
> - **Inside unit DHW valve or water pump state**
> - **Inside unit gas boiler heating allowed** - Note: This may be True even when no gas boiler is installed or active at this time.
>  
> - **Inside unit electric heater state**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Indoor unit water pump state**
- **Indoor unit auxiliary water pump state**
- **Indoor unit DHW valve or water pump state**
- **Indoor unit gas boiler heating allowed** - Note: This may be True even when no gas boiler is installed or active at this time.
 
- **Indoor unit electric heater state**
```
